This imperial jade seal is indeed true
But let's go this way
Science doesn't shine.
What nonsense are you talking about here?
Is this where you make noise?
Do you question the place where I come?
Isn't it?
The reason why this handed down jade seal has never given up
It's because he's been buried in the road
team development
Children are tired
In order to find Changgong Art, he actually destroyed the yellow face
How did he know?
I received this imperial jade seal at a high price.
How can my dignified Lei family do such a thing as grave robbing?
The location of the undead of the Han Dynasty contains national luck
Do not be easily destroyed
Your Lei family destroys Huang Ming and damages the national luck
What crime
The old ancestor is a labor prisoner
He talks nonsense.
What kind of national luck is not national luck?
Even if it contains national luck
I didn't dig this thing
Exactly.
Ancestor
This person is not qualified to be in this inheritance ceremony
Get him out of here
You said so much
Nothing more than trying to cover up their crimes
It's a pity that you have sinned so much
Today is your day of death
You shut up
Master
Immediately arrest this man and torture him
Let's see who is sent to disrupt this inheritance ceremony
The behavior of this person
Qi Xin at the beginning?
Lin Yu, what are you still doing?
Hurry up and apologize and say you were wrong
Otherwise it will be too late.
You go on
Mouse on hmm